Kill him for me
What other means do you have?
Although make it out
Dad, you have to help me get revenge.
Oops, Yifan Hunting Flying Dog was killed
Bunch of trash
fuck off
Nie Feifan
You brought someone into my Zhang's house
Hurt my son
I didn't expect it.
Revenge Zhang Zhi
Don't you remember what happened 15 years ago?
What nonsense are you talking about?
no.
I don't know. Okay.
Then I'll help you make good memories
You sent someone after my mother 15 years ago
It brutally hurt Shen Qiao's father
Don't you remember these things?
Do you remember these things?
Still don't remember
Now that you've investigated it all
I have nothing to say
Exactly.
I killed them all.
How did it go?
I caught up with my mother
What else?
Say it and I can give you power
Yue Feifan
You can't afford to offend the people behind the scenes
You let me go now
Otherwise
You have to die.
Your horse you bastard
Let my dad go
Otherwise, Master Feng is here
You will die.
Changzhi
To say or not to say
Kill me if you can
How dare you kill me!
The people behind the scenes won't let you go
Then I'll send you on your way now
Iron plate
How much do you give me?